IBX-5446 - Product stock reduction/restoration (#1976)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/commerce/order_management/configure_order_management.md

``` yaml
[[= include_file('code_samples/front/shop/order-management/config/packages/ibexa.yaml', 69, 74) =]]
```

#### PIM integration

> By default, the component integration mechanism reduces product stock values when an order is confirmed and reverts it to the original value when an order is cancelled.

Reviewer: Feel free to rephrase it, the point is that stock is reduced once the order is made, not confirmed (it was changed within https://github.com/ibexa/order-management/pull/45).
```suggestion
By default, the component integration mechanism reduces product stock values when an order is made (in status "pending") and reverts it to the original value when an order is cancelled.
```

In your implementation, you may want the reduction/restoration of stock to happen at other stages of the order fulfillment process.

> For this to happen, place the `reduce_stock: true` and/or `restore_stock: true` keys in other places of the workflow.

Reviewer: It's worth mentioning that each key can be placed only once, so only one stock reduction/restoration.
